Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning.
I hope you're as excited about this section of the course on recurrent neural networks as I am.
We're slowly venturing into the very complex very forward looking and cutting edge areas of deep learning
and this is going to be very very fun.
So today we're going to talk about how we're going to approach this section which contains so many different
complex topics so many concepts that we need to get our head around.
All right.
So in this section we will learn first of all the idea behind a recurrent neural networks will see how
they compare to the human brain will understand what makes them unique and special as compared to regular
artificial neural networks.
And then we'll talk about the vanishing gradient problem something that has been a major roadblock in
or had been a major roadblock in the development and utilization of recurrent neural networks something
that prevented them from being what they are now.
And then we will move on to the solution that one of the most popular solutions to the vanishing green
problem the long short term memory or else T.M. neural networks and we'll talk about their architecture
be a very exciting tutorials one of my very topics and we will find out exactly how they work and what
what that complex structure is inside them.
We'll break it down into simple terms and you will be able to walk away with a pretty solid understanding
of Ms.
And then we'll talk about the practical intuition.
So in that prehistory we will have a practical example of using Alzheimer's.
But in this practical intuition to will look at some great examples posted by one of the researchers
one of the most well-known researchers in the space and we'll understand even better on an intuitive
level how Ellis teams actually work how they think will be like neuroscientists trying to understand
what's going on in the brain of an Ellis team is going to be very exciting as well.
And then at the end we'll have an extra tutorial on Alistair variations something special something
you don't really have to take this material but it's very quick just to get you up to speed on what
other options of illustrations exist out there in the world.
What other architectures you might come across in your work so hopefully you're excited and ready to
get started.
And I can't wait to see on the next material.
Until then enjoy deep learning.